cloud: add limited-sql-features-tidb-x.md (#23151)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features.md

---
title: Limited SQL Features on TiDB Cloud Dedicated
summary: Learn about the limited SQL features on TiDB Cloud Dedicated.
---

# Limited SQL features on TiDB Cloud Dedicated

TiDB Cloud Dedicated works with almost all workloads that TiDB supports, but there are some feature differences between TiDB Self-Managed and TiDB Cloud Dedicated. This document describes the limitations of SQL features on TiDB Cloud Dedicated. We are constantly filling in the feature gaps between TiDB Self-Managed and TiDB Cloud Dedicated. If you require these features or capabilities in the gap, [contact us](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) for a feature request.

> **Note:**
>

> > This document applies only to TiDB Cloud Dedicated clusters. For TiDB X instances, see [Limited SQL Features on TiDB X Instances](/tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features-tidb-x.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This document applies only to TiDB Cloud Dedicated. For TiDB Cloud Starter, Essential, and Premium, see [Limited SQL Features on TiDB X Instances](/tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features-tidb-x.md).
```
